Add Makefile, update README and clean up unused code (#4)
release-engineering/tap-fitter: README.md

# tap-fitter

Tap Fitter is a utility designed to aid operator developers to generate the configuration files needed to properly run in certain pipeline environments.

This CLI tool will ingest composite templates and generate the appropriate devfiles.

## Getting Started

To build the utility, run `make build` from the root directory of the tap-fitter project.

## Usage

The `tap-fitter` command will ingest composite templates and generate corresponding devfiles.

> Note that because it uses relative paths to infer the destination directory to write the devfiles to, `tap-fitter` must be run from the destination directory that contains the catalog tree.

Reviewer: Technically this is a limitation of the specific composite template used, not the tool.

Reviewer: Maybe better if something like
```
```suggestion
Note: because templates may use relative paths to related artifacts, `tap-fitter` should be run in the same location as input templates.
```

```
$ ./tap-fitter -h
tap-fitter reads a composite template and outputs corresponding devfiles to prepare a repository for a catalog production pipeline.

> It must be run from the destination repository to generate the devfiles in the correct locations.

Reviewer: ditto
